canned food has become staple for Garin
with little else to eat during more than
four months of War but it's far from
being an adequate source of
food our diet consists solely of canned
food my siblings have fallen ill due to
this diet we urgently need access to
proper nutrition and drinking water to
alleviate their suffering this is our
life now and this is the only food we
are
eating and the price of the cans is
increasing along with the price of all
foods as they become increasingly
scarce prices have become exorbitant
across the board the situation is dire
with tomatoes now priced at $2 compared
to 30 C previously these inflated prices
along with the destruction and loss of
life have made essential Goods Out Of
Reach for
many this fresh meters a rarity and far
too expensive for
most without adequate nutrition and
clean water there is a high risk of
falling SEC and recoveries heart many
say that camp food and the lack of
access to hygiene facilities is causing
stomach related
illnesses this is a dangerous situation
that could lead to developing serious
health conditions among children if
gastrointestinal upsets are not treated
properly and in a Time manner it can
lead to severe dehydration which can
sometimes lead to
death Unice estimates that if the
starvation continues up to 10,000
children could suffer from severe
wasting and will need treatment to
recover according to International
forood Security Experts the percentage
of people in Gaza who cannot find the
food they need is the highest ever
recorded in one area and that is a
result of Israel's blockade and
bombardment Tark abum Al jazer Rafa in
southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer